well hi there every go to a magic show
and wonder how in the world did they do
that well you're not alone but with
magicians keeping their tricks top
secret it's nearly impossible to learn
how they're done until now take a peek
behind the velvet curtain and learn how
to impress your friends with these
top-notch magic tricks poof no I'm still
here
[Music]
levitation if you've ever gone to a
magic show or seen talented street
performers you've probably seen someone
levitate off the ground and a lot of the
time it's incredibly convincing the
secret behind the good-old levitating
trick is the hidden holding mechanism
they use you may have noticed that the
people performing this trick are clothed
from head-to-toe or wearing a couple of
layers that's a way to hide the
mechanism the holding mechanism consists
of three parts a flat solid base a rod
attached to the base that stands up and
a cheer like piece extending from the
rod the base is covered by a rug or a
person sitting on it the rod is usually
disguised as a cane either coming from
the ground or with a person holding it
and the person in the air is sitting in
this lift chair with their clothes over
the top of it
see mystery solved the one hand holding
a pencil track this trick is incredibly
simple but still impressive all you need
is a pen or pencil a watch or bracelet
and a long hard object another pencil
will do it's also smart to wear sleeves
to easily conceal the object you're
going to hide first take your pencil and
stick it horizontally in your left hand
as you turn your hand over so your palm
and pencil face the ground quickly hold
it with the pointer finger of your
at hand you should have this opposite
hand holding on to your wrist with your
pointer finger sneakily holding the
pencil in place if your friends guess
that you're doing this that's fine
because you're about to take it one step
further
since you've planted a similar object up
your sleeve distract them by chatting to
them as you pull it out under your watch
or bracelet the tip of this object
should reach the palm of your hand place
your magic pencil on the palm of your
hand again but this time facing the
ground the entire time the hard object
will hold the pencil in place and your
other hand will be free whew
the phone in the bottle trick the
magician takes a regular smartphone in
one hand and a bottle in the other with
a snap of a finger the phone somehow
gets trapped in the bottle to perform
this trick the magician wears a finger
sleeve you can barely see on it is a
very small but sharp blade as the
magician holds the bottle getting ready
to slide the phone in they wave their
hand over the bottle as they do this
they swiftly slice a line into the
bottle then poof they effortlessly slide
the phone into the bottle so simple yet
so riveting the levitating foam Cup this
trick may seem like a duh moment but
when you do it in front of people it
looks really cool
take a Styrofoam cup show the audience
that it has no holes or secret spots on
it say some kind of magical spell and
wave your right hand to distract them as
you're doing this hold the Styrofoam cup
with your left hand and gently push your
thumb through it then wave the fingers
of both hands around and raise the cup
up and down it'll totally look like it's
levitating
the paper napkin mind-reading trick get
a paper napkin that you can't see
through and ask them to write a word in
big letters on the back don't peek
before starting this trick make sure
your smartphone is sitting under you on
the table face up once the word is
written on the napkin display it blank
side up to the table waving it back and
forth over your phone you can say
something like see I can't see the word
through the napkin as you say this look
down at your phone as you wave the
napkin over it you'll see the word
reflected in the screen your friends at
the table will think you're psychic
melting through rubber bands to do this
trick you'll need two rubber bands put
one on each hand over your pointer
finger and thumb interlock the band so
you can't move them away from each other
to make them magical move through each
finger so you can part your hands pull
the middle finger of your right hand
over your index finger on the same hand
quickly transfer the band that was
strained on your pointer onto your
middle finger now lift the same band up
a bit with your pointer finger let go of
the piece your middle finger was holding
you should be able to take the bands
apart now a sneaky paper clips that link
in thin air
you'll need a dollar bill and two paper
clips take the bill and fold it
accordion style into thirds attach the
first paper clip to the top of the
dollar it's shorter end facing you next
attach the second paper clip to the back
layer and middle layer of the bill now
the fun part quickly pull each end of
the bill with either hand propelling the
clips into the air when you pick them up
off the floor they should be linked
together
slice a banana without peeling it this
trick is impressive and you get to eat
the banana afterward snag a banana and
keep the peel intact take a pin poke it
into the banana and wiggle it around
ultimately splitting it into even pieces
without having to peel it peel the
banana in front of someone to reveal
it's been pre-sliced well their jaw is
hanging open you can pop a yummy piece
of banana in there the antigravity water
levitation Trek love close-up magic to
prepare this trick you'll need a full
bottle of water and a small piece of
flat plastic that can cover the opening
of the bottle cut this piece of plastic
to be the same size as the cap of the
bottle now poke a hole in the center of
this piece okay now it's time for the
trick
take a full bottle of water and turn it
upside down over a sink without the cap
on showing your audience that the water
can come out place the piece of plastic
over the top of the bottle with your
spare hand hold your fingers at the
opening for a second to make sure that
the plastic is secured there now when
you turn the bottle upside down it will
appear that the water is being held back
by nothing now you can really impress
your audience by putting toothpicks up
the bottle one at a time the trick is
getting them into the tiny hole yeah
pretty cool huh
the magical moving pen all you need is a
pen and a flat surface first rub the pen
on your pants and say your infusing
static electricity magic into the pen
this is just a distraction place the pen
on the flat surface and pretend to focus
your mental energy on it as you put your
hands slightly above it with your
pointer finger facing outward then
without being too obvious blow lightly
on the pen to make
move it may take some practice to learn
not to blow it sorry I just couldn't
help myself
the Torn built wreck ever see the
incredible torn dollar bill trick David
Copperfield made famous years back
lead-in you're about to learn exactly
how it's done the magic lies within the
magnetic pencil used in the trick the
pencil is cut in half but it stays
connected thanks to a magnet inside that
way it can be split in half by a dollar
without ever having to tear anything
when you wrap the pencil with the dollar
the pencil simply breaks apart making
the dollar look like it's torn in half
once the pencil passes through you can
see the dollar still in one piece pretty
neat huh
so which impressive magic tricks do you
know the secrets behind let us in on the
secret in the comments don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe stay on
the bright side